INTRODUCTION
The Sphinx documentation system uses the fully installed Python tree
to build a set of documents (generally in HTML). In GNU Radio, the
documentation system is done through Doxygen in the public header
(/include/foo.h) files. Doxygen first builds its documentation files,
then the swig_docs program uses Doxygen's XML output and smashed the
documentation from each header file into the SWIG'd Python
block. Basically, using a single documentation markup, Doxygen, we
expose the documentation strings in both the Doxygen-built manual and
within the Python blocks themselves.

Sphinx takes this process one step farther by reading the docstrings
of all Python blocks and creating its own manual. This has two
benefits. First, the Sphinx documentation looks nice and is formatted
in such a way that Python users of GNU Radio can easy see the module
structure and hierarchy. It also allows not only takes the Doxygen
documentation from C++, but it also allows us to take any Python files
and include their documentation. 

The end result is two manuals: one for Python and one for C++ users
without having to duplicate comments, markup, or documentation.


BUILDING THE SPHINX MANUAL
Building the Sphinx docs takes some manual intervention as it
requires GNU Radio to already be installed. So first follow the steps
to build and install GNU Radio.

In the build directory, a helper file is created called
run_sphinx_build.sh. This is a Linux shell script that runs the
sphinx-build command with all of the normal settings and important
directories preloaded. For non Linux systems, it should be easy to
pull out the executable and options to run it by hand.

The run_sphinx_build.sh outputs the manual into
$builddir/docs/sphinx/sphinx_out. Open up the index.html file in a
browser to view it.

